It would be a shame
look nothing else here we have these
policemen here throwing the smoke coming
getting drunk without working as of
custom would be a shame if someone
I decided that they will stop smoking but the
What do you see?
let me be with my cross and more virgins
set yourself probable
they how are good morning I like it
that is if they are very good so that the
Talk this girl is very interesting
it would be a shame the truth if
someone decided to ruin the talk
logic just running
Thank you
the gentleman seems to have some meeting
important business I say your truck
take out like those faces that you do not buy
simply with working on something normal
is a businessman and it would be a
pity if someone decided to disturb
meaningless because I'm in reverse
because if he wants to see he knows a minute
minute that is doing
will kill me will kill me to see more
Here we have two astronauts already
angry they are very angry these
astronauts and it seems that they are going to
hit so it would be a shame if
someone decided to attack them with
pyrotechnics órale
Oh, what happened Mr. Trailer, how are you?
you see that it has important charges
what to bring and they will not pay you if you do not
deliveries would be a real shame if
someone decided the truck hello sir
How is it you do not you
It will bother me to lower it aggressively
just to give you a woman is anger that
today appears today won the cholo as
gasoline because this thing is walking
braking does not win as it looks failing
we say and split the tires because
is doing what the lord is doing
is it or not, I do not think
it was nothing but nice message
they killed
and the truth of this car see you see
what piece of engineering would be a
pity does not even send faster
ok now it's forgotten like this
lady has an important place to which
get there because I do not so
It would be a shame if someone decided
the parking lot I guess it does not
it will bother me to stand here in front of
his chest and I took out a gas tank
true because the video